---
title: "Hey I am back, On MY National Day of 2023!"
date: 2023-08-31
permalink: /back2023/
tags: [Hello World]
excerpt: "B****, I am back :)"
mathjax: "true"
---

It's been a while, exactly 4 years since I last updated my blog post (life was busy, ahem, still busy!). You see, I started this whole blog post thing as a way to showcase my capabilities to potential employers, which didn't align with what I truly had in mind: to showcase my interests and maybe update everyone on whether I am still kicking (so, I've scrubbed the previous posts that didn't align with that vision). I'm glad to have met some amazing people who gave me a shot and opportunities to learn and grow in the analytics space, and most importantly, as a person.

To everyone whom I've met in the past 4 years, I am pretty sure there were times when I wasn't at my best. Maybe I seemed a little unfriendly, or a bit arrogant, or didn't care enough. Maybe we don't even talk anymore. But it's okay, because I still recall and cherish our interactions with gratitude (even those with whom I was on a less harmonious wavelength).

My personal growth algorithms have undergone numerous updates. I've debugged most of my ego, optimized my patience, and fine-tuned my self-awareness. I feel a lot happier now (not that I was depressed before), and I'm not exactly sure why. Perhaps it's because, even if the roadmap is dynamic, the trajectory seems promising?

Anyway, I've spent an unhealthy amount of time interacting with ChatGPT and consuming media related to it. I find it so fascinating that I want to invest more time exploring it. I hope that someday I'll be able to land a day job that gives me exposure to it. But since I don't have that opportunity right now, I'd like to document my thoughts, learnings, and findings because I believe this tech is set to reprogram our way of life, our cognitive functions, and potentially our survival codes. It's unclear how this new chapter of human-machine integration will unfold, but one thing's clear — I'm freaking in!

> "If you did a magnificent data analysis, but you did not get to present it, is it still a good analysis?"